关于我
谁是这个博客的幕后黑手？
我的名字是vivihe，我是一名软件工程师，主要对以下方面感兴趣 开发基于网络的产品，编写高质量，可维护的软件， 并有兴趣构建有助于实现这些目标的编程工具。的领域 兴趣或专长包括现代JavaScript，Node，Flow/TypeScript，React， Elm、Python、Vim 和 Git。这是我的个人博客，我在这里分享我的想法 和想法。

我通常的在线昵称是vivi，因此这个博客的名字。

我位于荷兰，但自 2012 年初以来一直担任远程工程师。我目前在Liveblocks工作，在那里我正在构建用于构建在线多人游戏应用程序的开发人员工具。我之前是Simple Health的工程师，GitPrime的首席技术官，并在纽约的Parse.ly担任全栈工程师，并在YesGraph担任他们的技术主管。

我的热情在于从想法开始构建漂亮的（基于Web的）产品 运送最终产品。我关心整个堆栈，做任何事情 从数据建模、系统架构、工具构建、后端和前端 工作。

我拥有拉德堡德大学的计算机科学硕士学位 奈梅亨，荷兰。基本上，我是一个技术爱好者，呼吸代码并且喜欢 创建漂亮的软件。我是开源项目的积极贡献者 并维护一些我自己的。

联系


如果您想与我联系，可以通过以下方式与我联系：


github.com/vivihe




About me
Who's behind this blog?
My name is Vincent Driessen and I'm a software engineer mainly interested in developing web-based products, writing high quality, maintainable, software, and interested in building programming tools that assist those goals. Areas of interests or expertise include modern JavaScript, Node, Flow/TypeScript, React, Elm, Python, Vim, and Git. This is my personal blog where I share my thought and ideas.

My usual online nickname is nvie, hence the name of this blog.

I'm located in The Netherlands, but have worked as a remote engineer since early 2012. I'm currently working at Liveblocks where I'm building developer tools for building online multiplayer apps. I've previously been a staff engineer at Simple Health, CTO of GitPrime, and have worked for Parse.ly in New York as a full-stack engineer, and for YesGraph as their tech lead.

My passion lies in building beautiful (web-based) products, from idea inception to shipping the final product. I care about the full stack, doing anything from data modeling, system architecture, tool building, back-end and front-end work.

I have a master's degree in Computer Science from Radboud University in Nijmegen, NL. Basically, I'm a tech enthusiast who breathes code and loves creating beautiful software. I'm an active contributor to open source projects and maintain a few of my own.

Contact


If you want to contact me, you can reach me via:


github.com/vivi
